---
title: Practicalities
---

= {{ page.title }} =

== Venue ==
* [http://www.thonhotels.com/hotels/countrys/norway/skeikampen/thon-hotel-skeikampen/ Thon Hotel Skeikampen] is located 150 km from Oslo airport and reachable by public transportation. 
* Information about [http://www.skeikampen.no/en Skeikampen] destination. You may want to consider bringing your favourite swimming trunks or ski boots for use of amenities out of scheduled hours.

== Travel to Skeikampen ==

* NeIC organizes a shuttle bus from Oslo Airport (OSL, Gardermoen)
leaving 14h00, January 25th. Everyone having indicated to take the
bus shall meet until 13h45 at the meeting point (arrival hall after
the customs) shown on page 2 of the
[https://avinor.no/globalassets/_oslo-lufthavn/publikumskart_osl.pdf Oslo Airport map].<br /> <br />
Dejan Vitlacil will coordinate the bus leave. In case of any
problems/delays etc., please contact him as soon as possible via
phone +46 76 064 18 45.

* You can also go by train and bus to Skeikampen. Check train
schedules from Oslo Airport (OSL, Gardermoen) to Lillehammer at
[https://www.nsb.no/en NSB]. From Lillehammer skysstasjon (at the
railway station) a local bus goes to Skeikampen but only has a
few departures per day (Mon-Fri: 09h15, 10h15, 15h15 and 16h15;
Sat: 09h15, 10h15 and 15h15; Sun: 09h15 and 15h15). See
[http://www.opplandstrafikk.no/Handlers/fh.ashx?MId1=377&FilId=2759bus schedule].

== Travel from Skeikampen ==

* NeIC organizes two shuttle busses to Oslo Airport (OSL, Gardermoen)
leaving Skeikampen at 13h00 and 14h00, January 28th. The busses should
arrive at about 16h00 and 17h00 at the airport.

* Check train and bus schedules at the above linked pages.

== Information channels ==
This conference website is the main channel of information about this meeting.

Before, during and after the meeting you may chat with all NeIC staff in the
Slack channel #ahm16.
